SOLR-8127 Distributed Luke (#4149)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/indexing-guide/pages/luke-request-handler.adoc

http://localhost:8983/solr/techproducts/admin/luke?fl=manu&docId=0

From SolrJ, you can access /luke using the {solr-javadocs}/solrj/org/apache/solr/client/solrj/request/LukeRequest.html[`LukeRequest`] object.

== Distributed Mode (multiple shards)

When running in SolrCloud, the Luke handler automatically distributes requests across all shards in the collection, the same as search requests.

> To inspect only the local shard's index set `distrib=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inspect only the receiving shard's index set `distrib=false`.
```

> In non-cloud mode, you can still distribute across shards by passing the `shards` parameter with explicit shard URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In user-managed clusters, you can distribute across shards by passing the `shards` parameter with explicit shard URLs.
```
